=head1 NAME

repo-make.conf - Configuration file for repo-make autobuild system

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<repo-make.conf>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The file B<repo-make.conf> contains all information, required to build a set of PKGBUILDs into a working repository.

At your choice, a second configuration file B<repo-make-custom.conf> can be placed next to B<repo-make.conf>. The "custom configuration file" overrides settings of the "general configuration file".

A global configuration file may be placed to /etc/repo-make.conf which overrides the above two repository specific files.

=head1 VARIABLES

The following variables can be set in repo-make.conf files:

 BUILDUSER=build

=over 5

This is the user name which will be used to build the packages with. There is a built-in default user name, which is just "build". This variable can only be set in F</etc/repo-make.conf>!

=back

 TARGET=path/to/repository/path

=over 5

This is where the finished packages are placed to. The default is F<./repo>. This variable can only be set in F<repo-make-custom.conf> and F</etc/repo-make.conf>! You may use the variable $CARCH to add the current architecture to your target path.

=back

 REPONAME=repo_name

=over 5

Set the name of your repository here. Will be used when "repo-add" is called after building the packages.

=back

 firstpackage
 secondpackage
 dir1/thirdpackage

=over 5

The order of package paths follows after all configuration variables. List them in the right order (dependencies first!) or build will fail!

Comments may be added anywhere in the files by prefixing the lines with '#'.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

repo-make(1)
